♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 8)
Pluck flowers when they bloom best.
You'll regret it
if Zhou Xiao becomes
another guy's girlfriend.
Why would Zhou Xiao come for the interview?
Because I like her.
I'll take care of the women's singles.
Zhu Lu, I'll train you first.
You were obviously enchanted by me.
(Episode 9:
Trilling Experience in the Library)
(Congratulations on the 100th anniversary
of Nanfang University)
Why don't we
use our authority and sneak in?
No.
Ms. Huang.
Zhao Fanzhou,
you just came at the right time.
I need to scan a batch of precious literature
so that students can borrow the copies.
I scanned half of it
and have to attend a meeting now.
Help me finish the work.
Okay.
Are you new here?
Yes.
Hello, Ms. Huang. My name is Zhou Xiao.
I'm here to return this.
Hello.
Take it in
and help Zhao Fanzhou out.
Okay.
By the way,
remember to hand in your application forms
for entering the literature room
when you're done.
Okay, Ms. Huang.
Goodbye, Ms. Huang.
Bye.
See?
Good people always get something for nothing.
It's a block-printed book
of the early Qing dynasty.
(Ink out, please replace the cartridge.)
Zhao Fanzhou,
can I take photos of it?
Yes.
Thanks.
Zhou Xiao.
Do you know Longtu Cases?
Ancient detective novels
like Bao Gong Solving Cases
all came from it.
I didn't expect there would be
one in the library.
Help me scan the book.
I need to wash my hands.
You don't have to go to the bathroom.
I have wet tissues.
I'll help you.
There.
Your hands are clean now.
Can I keep taking photos of Longtu Cases?
I'll help you with scanning when I'm done.
Okay.
What can I do for you?
Arrange these printed papers
and fasten them together.
Like this?
Yes.
Okay.
What's going on?
Where's your phone?
What time is it now?
I don't know.
My phone is dead.
The library is closing.
Let's go.
I'll go fetch my bag.
OK.
What do we do now?
Where's your phone?
Don't tell me you haven't got it on you.
It's in the office upstairs. Let's go.
Have you watched Night at the Museum?
I've always imagined that I'm locked
in museums, libraries,
supermarkets, malls and so on.
My dream came true today.
Congratulations.
My phone is locked in.
What do we do?
Are we really going to be locked here?
Don't sweat it.
I'll turn on lamps of the reading area.
They're not controlled by the master switch.
If there's light,
perhaps someone will find us.
Okay.
I'll check if any chargers are left here.
No one turned up
and I couldn't find any chargers.
Will we freeze to death here?
I'll get you something to keep you warm.
Do you know how Eskimos keep
themselves warm?
I had no idea
we would be able to do this
in the library.
It's what you wanted to do.
I'm just cooperating.
Wait.
Don't force it.
Be gentle.
I can do it.
Trust me.
Okay.
Go on.
Be gentle.
We built an ice house of Eskimos.
I'll go in first.
It's quite warm.
It seems that Eskimos are as smart as me.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Come on in.
It's cold outside.
Sit on this.
The floor is cold.
Okay.
This is fun.
I'm going to write this in my novel.
It seems you can be happy
no matter what happens.
That's not really true.
I actually cry a lot.
I remember when I was a kid,
my mom was driven mad by my crying
and locked me in my bedroom.
And then
when she released me,
she found that I was playing
myself and laughing.
I've seen that when school started.
Really?
Did I cry?
On the day of registration,
you cried while reading
Journey Under the Midnight Sun.
It's touching.
Keigo Higshino's books are so good.
Then you said my phone seemed to be farting
when it vibrated.
And
don't you think when his phone
vibrated just now,
it sounded like someone's farting?
You laughed in the end.
You're talking as if I'm a fool.
Oh,
I'm so sleepy.
I wanna sleep for a while.
OK.
I'll let you be.
Sleep.
OK.
Before I met you,
I was especially afraid of seeing people cry.
After I met you,
it seems
I can understand this emotion now.
Are you sure that girl never came?
Yes.
Thanks.
Did you find her?
I've looked for her in the VR Hall
we went to before
but I still didn't find her.
Did he find Xiao?
Have you searched the school carefully?
I'll go back and search again.
Okay, check again.
Zhou Xiao.
We found her. We found her.
Where have you been?
Sorry. Sorry.
Is she alright?
Put her on the phone.
Hold on.
What's wrong with you?
Do you know we've been
worried sick about you?
I'm sorry. My bad. My bad.
Say it to Cai Yasi yourself.
Hey.
Zhou Xiao, are you crazy?
Why didn't you come back
to your dorm all night?
I've been looking
for you since the early morning.
Were you kidnapped by aliens?
I'm going deaf.
Calm down.
Last night
my phone was out of power
and I was locked in the library.
Stay where you are.
I'm coming.
Don't.
Don't come here.
I don't wanna be strangled by you.
Go back to your dorm
and catch up on your sleep.
I'll treat you and apologize later.
It'll cost you dearly.
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry. Sorry.
You have no idea how worried we were.
Yes, we've been worried sick.
We thought you were kidnapped.
I'll make amends to you later.
Let's take the course first.
Class will begin now.
Okay. That's all
for today's class.
But still
I need to recommend
my favorite writer to you,
Wang Zengqi.
We're in college
but we're still being kept overtime.
As you know,
he's King Shu of Overtime.
He even thought
that Wang Zengqi wrote
better than him.
Isn't that strange?
So he thought the most adorable side
of Wang Zengqi
was his attitude towards writing,
which is not being affected
by favor or despite.
After I analyzed these things,
you have got to...
Who's that furtive guy outside
waiting for?
Professor, me.
The class is not over yet
and your boyfriend can't wait already.
What's the matter with you?
No, no, no.
He's my younger brother.
He is
got problems here.
He once burned an Internet bar
and fought a group of people.
The other day
he even hacked
our campus network.
I have no idea what trouble he is in now.
Has he beaten any teachers?
Yes.
Go.
What a novelist.
Okay. Where... where was I?
Oh, yes,
I was talking
about Wang Zengqi.
I said it was my treat
but you offered to swipe your card.
Looks like I can even win a lottery now.
You haven't told me what happened last night
and why you were locked in the library.
Don't mention that.
Yesterday I worked in the Room
of Precious Literature
and it's on basement-1.
That staff didn't know that
and locked us inside.
Us?
Zhao Fanzhou was locked there, too.
What did you say?
Who were you locked for a night with?
Don't get so vehement.
Sit down.
You stayed with a man alone.
Can you watch your deeds
as a girl?
How should I watch my deeds?
I didn't do that on purpose.
Besides, my phone was dead
and Zhao Fanzhou's was locked in a cupboard.
We were going to break
a window to get out of there.
So what did you do last night?
Sleep.
How?
Closed our eyes and slept separately.
You're speaking like my dad.
Have you realized that?
I shall tell your dad about this matter.
Don't you dare.
Cai Yasi.
Guan Bei.
Why didn't you go
to the training of ACM today?
I needed to do something else.
Let me introduce you guys.
This is my classmate,
Guan Bei.
She's my childhood friend, Zhou Xiao.
Are you going to the training this afternoon?
Yes. But I also have a rehearsal
so I may leave early.
Well, shall I tell you
about this morning's lesson?
Why not? Have a seat.
This morning the professor
talked about
exponential data sampling.
I know that.
Fast exponential sampling.
Awesome.
Where are you going?
Go on with your talk.
I have to be a volunteer and labor.
You have no talents. You deserve it.
By the way...
My younger brother has grown up.
How many members does
Programming Association have?
More than twenty.
Come in.
Dozens of us can take part in the activity.
Have a seat.
Can you pick up and see off guests?
Okay. No problem.
Then we'll leave it to you.
That's alright.
See you around.
Thanks.
You are...
I'm here to sign up
for the volunteer activity
on behalf of our club.
Okay.
I remember that you have few members.
I'll look for an undemanding job for you.
That would be great.
Thanks.
Only
moving supplies
and cleaning the campus are left.
Ah?
Then
we'll move supplies.
Isn't that too laborious?
I'll put you in another club.
No, no.
I can do that.
Thank you.
OK.
Can I really do this?
Just do it.
The student who's carrying bottles of water,
can you give us two of them?
Sure.
Two, right?
Yes.
Here you go.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey,
can we have some, too?
Yes. How many?
Four.
Thanks.
Thank you very much.
Could you take some more here, please?
Okay.
Did you move
all those boxes of bottled water alone?
Yes, all by myself.
I was about to die for the anniversary.
Hello.
Hello, are you Zhao Fanzhou?
Yes.
Hello.
I was informed
that the guest you invited canceled his trip.
The guest canceled his trip?
Yes. It seems he has something else to do.
Sorry about that.
Okay. I've got it.
My apologies.
An outstanding alumnus
was gonna give a speech
at the opening of the celebration.
Now he canceled it
all of a sudden.
What are you going to do?
I'll see if there's a performance
that can take its place.
I'll help you think about it.
Help me think about it?
How?
Wasn't our club
going to disband
for not knowing what to perform?
Don't underestimate me.
I will find you a solution.
Okay.
Thank you.
Zhao Fanzhou,
we've finished setting lighting
for the stage.
Those who need to rehearse speeches
will arrive soon.
Come and check.
Okay.
I'll go and test the spotlight.
I'll walk around.
Check if the light can catch up with me.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
Zhou Xiao!
What are you two doing?
No... nothing.
We're testing the spotlight.
You came at a good moment.
You can rehearse now.
You go ahead.
I'm off.
Thanks.
♪I like your eyes,
your eyelashes and you. Oh oh.♪
Xiao,
stop sighing.
The heroine in the TV play I'm watching now
chased the hero for eighteen episodes
and finally they were together.
Then they broke up after one episode.
But you sigh even more than the heroine.
I sighed because I promised Zhao Fanzhou
that I would come up
with a performance for him.
You care much about Zhao Fanzhou.
What about Cai Yasi?
Don't mention him.
You asked me to observe him
and what was my conclusion?
He made me shelter him from attack.
Crazy man.
By the way,
today I saw him
being super nice to a girl.
They'll definitely be together.
Cai Yasi has finally grown up.
I really can't understand you guys.
Don't mention him again.
Help me think of a performance.
Beg me.
I'm begging you.
I won't help you even if you beg me.
Wei.
Is your club going to perform?
No, we're not.
We're mainly responsible
for registering guests.
Can you perform anything?
Help.
I learned a bit...
Enough. That's enough already.
You're the one I want.
That's settled.
You're my superstar.
Wei, it's okay.
Only the four of us are here.
Don't be nervous. Dance.
Right.
We promise
that we won't laugh.
Don't worry.
If you really can't do it,
I can do those setting-up exercises on stage.
Come on. Come on.
Okay.
Are you ready?
I'm playing the music.
Three,
two,
one.
Music.
I've seen modest people
but I've never seen such a modest one.
My goodness,
I've got to record
this moving moment.
Wei,
teach us.
Teach us.
Get dancing. Get dancing.
I'm gonna film you.
Are you filming now?
Yes, yes, yes. Don't worry.
This is
so fast.
I can always smile
and play a supporting role.
What are you watching?
I want to watch it, too.
An alternative performance.
Hi.
Lu.
She's dancing so well.
Send it to me.
I'm gonna magnify it, edit it, and keep it.
Go back to your seat
and I'll send it to you.
Yes, sir.
Send it to me.
You can stop seeking a performance
for the opening.
We'll use this one.
Sorry.
Move there.
♪How clear the sky is.♪
♪Let time stop right now.♪
♪I sing a song under the moonlight.♪
♪Let's fold time in half.♪
♪Let's bring nice things back to life.♪
♪And embellish the story.♪
♪I know you and I love you, so do you.♪
♪I coddle you and you coddle me.♪
You know it, don't you?
We exert a force
and swing the racket.
The shuttlecock will be so high and far.
Whether we smash
or slice it...
♪You would conceal your bad mood.♪
♪Let's go crazy and make trouble together.♪
♪Let's laugh and cry and sing together.♪
♪With a cup of tea and a book,
we would watch the fireworks.♪
♪Let's listen, talk and live together.♪
♪Let's watch the sun rise and set
together every day.♪
♪That is enough.♪
Now let's applaud
Beauties of Fairy Castle
who are going to give us
a wonderful performance.
They're dancing. They're dancing.
Fanzhou, Fanzhou, Fanzhou,
how could I be so discerning?
Beautiful Lu,
we only love you.
Lu!
Quick. Get ready for the next performance.
Come on.
Put clothes on. Don't catch a cold.
Zhou Xiao,
I've known you for years
but you're really beautiful today.
Were you astounded by my halo?
Yes.
That shows you do have some discernment.
I'm going to the auditorium.
You must
give a good speech later.
The Badminton Club puts on
a fancy shuttlecock juggling performance.
How can she be so beautiful?
Have I been blind for all these years?
Lu,
do you hear it?
Such a great cheer.
Don't be afraid.
I'm here with you.
Lu! Lu! Lu!
What's he doing?
Life is so difficult for our Lu.
Keep doing it.
Spray it on your knees.
Thanks.
Excellent, Lu!
Let's thank the Badminton Club
for their wonderful performance.
As a famous century-old school,
Nanfang University
has outstanding students
from various departments.
Now let's applaud
the leader of ACM team,
the champion
of the 2016 ACM-ICPC, China,
Cai Yasi, who's going to give us a speech.
Hello, my dear teachers
and schoolmates,
I'm Cai Yasi from the Department
of Computer Science.
It's a great honor to stand here
and speak on behalf of our ACM team.
Cai Yasi.
ACM
is an international contest.
It's a great thing
that such a contest is being held
on campus for the first time.
That will truly promote the Olympic Spirit
so that more people will take part.
We will aim at the ACM-ICPC
and try to have
a good professional grounding.
In order to reach standards
of international training...
Don't move.
Our team requests that every contestant
to complete more than two hundred
problem solving programs before the contest
and pass all of the tests
on the website of ACM.
We hope we'll live up to your expectations,
win the gold medal
and contribute
to Nanfang University again.
Thank you.
Brilliant, Cai Yasi!
Gather sweet blossoms while you may.
Wait not till empty twigs are left.
You'll regret it
if Zhou Xiao becomes
another guy's girlfriend.
But
there's something more important
I need to say.
Zhou Xiao,
I like you.
Say yes. Say yes. Say yes.
I didn't expect
Zhou Xiao would be the second of us
to be in a relationship.
I thought it'd be Lu.
How come it'd be me?
Because I passed presents to you every day
for your admirers.
Sorry about that.
Where would Zhou Xiao
and Cai Yasi have their date?
It's their first date. It must be romantic.
Maybe a cafe.
It seems people all like
to have their dates in cafes.
It may also be a computer room.
I heard
those from the Department
of Computer Science all like
to meet their lovers in computer rooms.
I think
it should be a secret little forest
or a roof.
If the chemistry is there,
it'll be an exciting story.
Zhou Xiao.
Hey, you guys.
Why are you here?
Why can't I be here?
Hasn't Cai Yasi confessed his love for you?
Didn't you say yes?
Or you said yes but you didn't go on a date?
Or you have had a date?
Impossible.
She must have been here for a long time.
So what did you do?
Silence.
Listen to me.
Cai Yasi was taking advantage of me.
What?
Here.
Are you waiting for me?
Or what?
Are you crazy?
You are crazy.
You make use of me
every time you're in love with a girl.
I'm serious.
Serious?
When we were
in the first year of high school,
you liked Liu Renyu of class next door
and asked me
to pretend to be your girlfriend.
You said
that could make her jealous.
You also did that
at our high school's gathering last time.
You even went farther this time.
You embarrassed me in public.
I'm no longer the same.
I'm no longer the same either.
I learned Taekwondo
during the summer vacation.
I like you.
Stop saying that.
Do you believe I'll hit you so hard
that you can't even hold your mouse?
Tsk!
(The University's Centennial Celebration)
Why did you come out?
I needed to make a call.
Just now...
Just now what?
Nothing.
See you later.
Okay.
This is eating me up.
I should have stayed in the dormitory.
This is outrageous.
There's not a single post
about me and Lu.
Do you have no respect
for the badminton star?
Fanzhou,
have you read posts
on the campus network?
No.
Let me tell you.
Now all posts are
about the sudden confession of love
of the guy from the Department
of Computer Science.
I couldn't even find a photo
of me and Lu.
And you know
what the craziest thing is?
Everyone is saying that he's handsome
and romantic.
They said
if it were themselves,
they would definitely say yes.
He was turned down.
What?
How did you know?
I guessed.
Are you waiting for me?
Professor...
Or what?
I'm in the hall.
It was too noisy and I couldn't hear you.
I'll call you when I'm outside.
I'm no longer the same.
I'm no longer the same either.
I learned Taekwondo
during the summer vacation.
I really like you.
Stop saying that.
Do you believe I'll hit you so hard
that you can't even hold your mouse?
Tsk!
Why did you come out?
I needed to make a call.
Just now...
Just now what?
Nothing.
See you later.
Okay.
Fanzhou, Fanzhou.
Fanzhou.
You guessed right.
He was turned down.
He still failed after doing that.
It's really hard to win her affections.
Is she
Lu's roommate?
She's Lu's roommate, isn't she?
The president of the Detective Club.
You know her, don't you?
Yes.
This guy's failure proves
that it's hard to chase girls in that dorm.
Never mind. I won't over-think.
I must find
a photo of me and Lu.
(Psychology of love)
The department informed
that you need to go to an ACM training camp
for the first stage
of confined training.
It'll last for a week.
You'll mainly get trained
in classic common algorithms.
Type every algorithm
on the papers ten to twenty times
and simplify the codes yourselves.
Make sure that you can finish
typing them within ten to fifteen minutes
after the training.
How could you decide it just like that?
Can't we have a rest?
Right.
There's no much training.
Be quiet.
You shouldn't take that attitude, should you?
What are you thinking about, love master?
Mr. Liu said we were having
a confined training. Did you hear it?
Mm.
I heard it.
Good.
What's good?
Nothing.
(Next Episode)
-I really like you. -What are you doing?
Thank you, anyway.
That's it?
Want to be in a relationship now?
Yes.
With whom?
Zhou Xiao.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪